changed license assignment instructions (#1539)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Support: Teams/teams-administration/failed-to-auto-discover-domain-error-teams-admin-center.md

### No user is licensed for Skype for Business or Teams 

The domain should have at least one user licensed for Skype for Business or Teams. A global admin or company tenant has to assign a Skype for Business license or a Teams license to a user account that has either a Teams Admin role or a Global Admin role.​​

To assign a license:

1. Sign in to https://admin.microsoft.com.
2. Navigate to **Users** > **Active Users**.

> 3. Select admin account you want to assign license to and press **Manage product licenses**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the admin account you want to assign a license to and then select **Manage product licenses**.
```

> 4. In the apps list, enable **Skype for Business Online** or **Microsoft Teams** checkboxes and press **Save Changes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the apps list, check either the **Skype for Business Online** or **Microsoft Teams** checkboxes and select **Save Changes**.
```
